For the excerise paired with this reflection, I decided to experiment with syntax and language
As you will see in my notes, it's an area that is causing confusion for me - what words matter and what words don't?
What is defined? What do I need to define? And what needs no definition?
I didn't think anything fit in that last category,
but then I replaced words like "sequence" and "result" with "brew" and "spell"
This is something I still need to wrap my brain around.

One thing I do appreciate with the set-up we have in VSCode with Jupyter Notebook is the ease with which we can experiment and make mistakes.
I have a hard time focusing on some of the readings, but being able to test it without worrying I'm going to irrevicably break something
and with immediate (if sometimes vague) feedback on if there's a problem, is massively beneficial.

As may be evidenced by my project, I was intrigued and amused by the notion of cultural references in programs.
The idea is unsurprising, given that people are writing them, but something I wanted to investigate.
While I've not yet come across a scholarly article on the subject, my search led me to this article:
https://www.americanscientist.org/article/cultures-of-code

It addresses the various lens through which people may engage with coding, the recent swell in interest in learning to code, 
and what may be gained or lost through this diversity and growth. While I don't fully side with the self-ascribed sentimentality and 
concern over potential loss when many new coders may not engage as deeply in theory as the author would like, I overall appreciated their
perspective. In particular, they raised the question of agendas - noting that as the variable that sets people doing seemingly similar coding
on very seperate paths. What are their goals, and where do their goals align or deviate? It makes me curious to know more about the agendas
that drove some of the more prominant figures and developments in programming, and how those agendas shaped this growing field as we know it today.