As with before, most of my comments on my project/pracitices are literally comments in the project. Overall, I wanted to do more cool things with strings but I haven't quite figured out what specifically everything does and how to avoid the errors (of my ways)

In terms of troubles, I would say the biggest two factors in my slow progress and confusion would be: 1) time, and 2) learning multiple programs at once. The first I can resolve with better time management, 
factoring in more time to read and practice than I had been. I'm not sure where all that time will go on my schedule at the moment, but I'll find space!
For the second, because I am taking Physical Computing and also now teaching a course in HTML and CSS, there are suddenly several languages fighting for learning space in my brain that are similar but different in details.
Originally, I thought it would be great to pair Physical Computing and Programming. For the most part I still think it is, but I didn't expect the differences in language to throw me off as much as they have so far.

I may be taking a loose interpretation of "project of an academic nature" here, but I recently came across a call for writers for "Wonder Stories" a new app designed to host interactive stories for 'reluctant readers' in 3rd grade.
One of the points made was that many children were not engaged in early chapter books, and were not learning or developing a love of reading. The goal is to create 'inquiry based narratives' where the readers are required to read carefully and are then given a selection of options to choose from (based on their observations) to progress.
The idea they express is that children are more motivated by problem solving, so they are trying to layer this with reading. This is of personal interest to me, I want to learn more about the different ways interactive fiction can be applied with measurable benefit. Since the reading introduced conditionals, I was reminded of this project/product, and how 
these kind of stories might be programmed. One of the key points in their 'writing guidelines' is not to create 'yes/no' answers, so just one 'true/false' Boolean test wouldn't suffice, though incorporating more than one, and adding conditionals, may provide something more meaningful.
Perhaps the reader needs to click and 'inspect' and object, and only if they do will that option be presented to them when they are asked a question. For example, if the question is "what's under the rug?", they would actually need to inspect the rug to find out. I know how to do this in Ink, and it feels like the transition to Python might not be so different, but at the same time I suspect there is a lot more to it than I currently understand.
https://www.wonderstories.app/
